Incident Response
When you notice a security incident,
which can be anything from a phishing attack
to finding a random USB device,
you have a few choices:
do nothing at all,
report the incident when it’s convenient for you,
or report the incident immediately.
You should report the event immediately, every single time.
Failure to report incidents prevents
our organization from investigating
and efficiently mitigating potential damages.
Keep in mind that the longer the incident goes unreported,
the more harm it can cause.
Key Takeaways
Security incidents can be anything from
phishing attacks to random USB devices.
Report security incidents immediately.
The longer an incident goes unreported,
the more damage it can cause.